refactor (#325)
KxSystems/docs: docs/learn/startingkdb/hdb.md

For example, a simple partitioning scheme on a single disk might be as shown right. Here, the daily and master tables are small enough to be written to single files, while the trade and quote tables are splayed and partitioned by date.

## Sample partitioned database

> The script :fontawesome-brands-github:[`KxSystems/cookbook/start/buildhdb.q`](https://github.com/KxSystems/cookbook/blob/master/start/buildhdb.q) will build a sample HDB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script :fontawesome-brands-github:[`KxSystems/cookbook/start/buildhdb.q`](https://github.com/KxSystems/cookbook/blob/master/start/buildhdb.q) builds a sample HDB. 
```

> It builds a month’s random data in directory `start/db`, and takes a few seconds to run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It builds a month’s random data in directory `start/db`. 
```
